iAddThree/iAddThree_PrivacyPolicy.md, before:

# Terms of Service

The Terms of Service for the software Application iAddThree ("Application") can be viewed at: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/minterms/

# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy governs your use of the Application for mobile devices that was created by Nikolai Nobadi ("Developer"). The Application is a math game inspired by a mental exercise presented in the book *Thinking Fast and Slow*, by nobel prize winning psychologist, Daniel Kahneman.

### What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
#### User Provided Information

The Application does not obtain any information from users.


### Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

### Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

The Application does not allow access from any third parties.

### Contact

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the Developer's practices, please contact the Developer via email at nnobadicares@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated iAddThree privacy policy to include section concerning changes

iAddThree/iAddThree_PrivacyPolicy.md, after:

# Terms of Service

The Terms of Service for the software Application iAddThree ("Application") can be viewed at: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/minterms/

# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy governs your use of the Application for mobile devices that was created by Nikolai Nobadi ("Developer"). The Application is a math game inspired by a mental exercise presented in the book *Thinking Fast and Slow*, by nobel prize winning psychologist, Daniel Kahneman.

### What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
#### User Provided Information

The Application does not obtain any information from users.


### Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

### Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

The Application does not allow access from any third parties.

### Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You will be notified of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and/or informing you via email or directly through the Application. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

### Contact

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the Developer's practices, please contact the Developer via email at nnobadicares@gmail.com
